OOP - Object Oriented Programming 

----------------------------------------- SOFTWARE DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT -----------------------------------------

What are the first steps in order to solve our problems?

The first stage is a recognition of the problem to be solved.
In a corporate setting, this determination could come from market research.

The second stage is a study of whether the project is feasible.
Ex: Do the development tools exist to produce the software?

The third stage a document is typically produced that specifies precisely what the software should do.

In the fourth stage, a thorough analysis is done before any effort or resources are spent designing and implementing the project.

The fifth stage is the design.
Once a decision has been made to proceed, the software design team works from the requirements document to design the software. 

After the design, the sixth stage would be implementing the application.
The implementation consists of programmers coding the design to produce the software.

The testing team attempts to ensure that the resulting software satisfies the requirements document. 
Failure at this point may require a redesign or even some fine-tuning of the requirements.

One final aspect of software development that is not shown in the figure is the maintenance process.

----------------------------------------- OBJECT-ORIENTED DESIGN -----------------------------------------

The most common thing about software design is the top-bottom strategy. 
It means breaking the problem into smaller parts (also called step-wise refinement).

It focuses on the functional aspects of the problem and the implementation of algorithms.
The Java programming language is particularly well-suited for implementing object-oriented designs.

All executable code in Java is organized into classes that represent objects. That's why Java is called an OOP language.
An object is a software unit that is produced according to a unique class specification. 
It is called an instance of its class, and the process of creating it is called instantiating the class.







